
1   Login as Administrator
Go to login page    -   Login page is loaded
Click on "Login as a Different Role" and choose "Administrator" from the list   -   The user is successfully logged in. "Dashboard" page is loaded.

2   Login as System Administrator
Go to login page    -   Login page is loaded
Click on "Login as a Different Role" and choose "System Administrator" from the list   -   The user is successfully logged in. "Dashboard" page is loaded.

3   Login as ESS User
Go to login page    -   Login page is loaded
Click on "Login as a Different Role" and choose "ESS User" from the list   -   The user is successfully logged in. "Dashboard" page is loaded.

4   Login as 1st Level Supervisor
Go to login page    -   Login page is loaded
Click on "Login as a Different Role" and choose "1st Level Supervisor" from the list   -   The user is successfully logged in. "Dashboard" page is loaded.

5.  Login with invalid credentials
Enter unexisting credentials
Click on login button - Error message "Invalid Credentials" is shown.

6   Login with with correct username invalid password
Enter username "Admin"
Enter wrong password
Click on login button - Error message "Invalid Credentials" is shown.

7   Login with with invalid username correct password
Enter unexisting username
Enter password "admin123"
Click on login button - Error message "Invalid Credentials" is shown.

8   Login when input field is empty
Delete predefined username
Delete predefined password
Click on login button - Message "Username cannot be empty" is shown.

9   Enter long text for username
Enter long text for username
Click on login button - Username is cleared, nothing happend.

10  Enter long text for password
Enter long text for password
Click on login button - Error message "Invalid Credentials" is shown.

11  Enter username or password with space
Enter username "test test"
Enter password "123 123"
Click on login button - Error message "Invalid Credentials" is shown.

12  Verify Facebook link
Click on facebook icon - link https://www.facebook.com/OrangeHRM is open.

13  Verify Twitter link
Click on twitter icon - link https://twitter.com/orangehrm is open.

14  Verify Google link
Click on google icon - link https://plus.google.com/+OrangeHRM/ is open.

15  Verify LinkedIn link
Click on linkedin icon - link https://www.linkedin.com/company/orangehrm/ is open.

16  Verify You Tube link
Click on you tube icon - link https://www.youtube.com/user/orangehrm is open.

17  Verify link OrangeHRM, Inc.
Click on OrangeHRM, Inc. link - link https://www.orangehrm.com/ is open.

18  Verify existence placeholders for input fields
Delete predefined username - Username placeholders is shown.
Delete predefined password - Password placeholders is shown.

19  Verify existence of logos
Logo icons are shown.

20  Verify existence of all elements on the page
Login title is shown.
OrangeHRM Demo is shown.
Username input field is shown.
Password input is shown.
Login button is shown.
Login as a Different Role is shown.
Logo icons are shown.
Facebook icon is shown.
Twitter icon is shown.
Google icon is shown.
LinkedIn icon is shown.
You Tube icon is shown.
Copyright is shown.




